Update Contributors Wordings (#2372)
up-for-grabs/up-for-grabs.net: README.md

## Contributors ✨

> Thanks goes to these wonderful people who have improved the code and documentation which helped in making this project grow. ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

Reviewer: :art: suggestion to make this a bit more succinct

```suggestion
Thanks goes to these wonderful people who have improved the code and documentation to help this project grow. ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):
```

Author: @shiftkey Better, thanks!!
